Add RBAC patch to remove Object-level Workload Identity (#2256)
fluxcd/website: content/en/flux/installation/configuration/multitenancy.md

      kind: ClusterRole
      name: "(flux-view|flux-edit)-flux-system"
```

### Flux Object-level Workload Identity RBAC

Starting with v2.6, Flux supports object-level workload identity, which requires

> additional RBAC permissions to be granted to the controllers so that they can create Service Accounts tokens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additional RBAC permissions to be granted to the controllers so that they can create ServiceAccount tokens:
```
